What is the goal of this course.
So this is you or me when I started working with javascript and when I dived into that world you might
have a solid javascript understanding you might know javascript that is the basic prerequisite you should
fulfill.
You don't have to be an expert but you should know javascript should know the basics.
You might be an advanced javascript user and even know what frameworks are and which role they play.
Or you might even know a specific framework like a singular.
So be really an advanced developer.
But still that whole world of javascript and all these packages and tools we have there might be confusing
to you.
So if any of the free wrold fits you then what discours will offer you is that you will understand the
role javascript plays in todays world and also the New World the eco ecosystem off javascript.
You will understand what these terms mean and how they work to gabber how web page works to gather with
typescript ESX vanilla javascript Cheikh worry the U.K.'s or anything like that.
We won't stop there though.
You will also learn why you might want to use libraries like Cheikh you.
Or low Dasch which wrold these libraries play.
And then you will learn which real frameworks play and why you might want to choose one and maybe replace
Cheikh where he with a framework like angler do or react well.
Besides these frameworks will also have a look at what E-6 typescript and weap peg is in it why we might
want to use Dad why some of the framework's my needs DS packages.
And speaking off the frameworks you will of course get an introduction into these free frameworks.
A basic introduction of course but one which should allow you to then choose one or multiple of the
frameworks into which you can dive deeper in average coerces or other online resources of your choice
so that you get a feeling for which framework do you like which framework offers a concept you will
feel like it makes sense.
Which type of framework do you like.
That is something you will be able to tell by the end of decors so that you are able to make a choice.
Choose a framework into which you want to dive deeper.
And as mentioned earlier you will not only be able to make that choice but you will also understand
the role they play and the row over things in the javascript world play.